The dataset encompasses a total of 15 schools, 39,170 students. The total students average reading score is 81.87 which is higher than the average math score 78.98. When we see the passing rate reading (85.80%) has a higher rate than math (74.98 %), the overall passing rate is 65.17%. These findings indicate that students’ score more in reading than math.
The school summary finding showed that from 15 schools 7 of them are found at the district level, and the other 8 of them found at the charter level. The number of students in schools ranged between 427 students (Holden High School) to 4976 students (Bailey High School). The general finding also showed that district schools have more students than charter schools. It is legitimate to conclude that district schools have more students than charter schools because of their geographical coverage.
The total budget field of the school summary showed the amount of money each school spent. The maximum budget is $3,124,928.00 its Bailey High School, and the lower budget is $248,087.00 its Holden High School. We can see later Bailey High School is not one of the top performing schools. The school’s budget allocators, and Bailey High School should be working on this to improve the quality. Regarding budget per student, Huang High School ($655.000) has a higher budget per student, and Wilson High School ($578.00) allocates a lower budget per student. Huang High School is one of the bottom performing schools, the same as Bailey High School it one area for future improvement to see education quality as it budgeted. The total district schools budget ($17,347,923.00) is higher than Charter schools budget ($7,301,505.00), however, when we come to the total allocation of Budget Per Student charter schools allocation ($4,796.00) is greater than district schools ($4,505.00). This maybe due to charter schools having a smaller number of students. 
